Fix C and C++ Metadata Descriptions (#1827)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/loops/loops.md

---
Title: 'Loops'

> Description: 'C++ has two types of loops: For and While. Loops execute the same group of statements multiple times until a stop condition is met.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'C++ has two types of loops: For and While. Loops execute the same group of statements multiple times until a condition is no longer true.'
```
